.\"******************************************************************************
.\" xpc_suite/xpc/man/errorlogging.1
.\"------------------------------------------------------------------------------
.\"
.\" \file       	errorlogging.1
.\" \library    	xpc
.\" \author     	Chris Ahlstrom
.\" \date       	08/09/2008-06/17/2012
.\" \version    	$Revision$
.\" \license    	$XPC_SUITE_GPL_LICENSE$
.\"
.\" Hey, EMACS: -*- nroff -*-
.\"
.\" First parameter, NAME, should be all caps
.\" Second parameter, SECTION, should be 1-8, maybe w/ subsection
.\" other parameters are allowed: see man(7), man(1)
.\"
.\" Please adjust the following date whenever revising the manpage.
.\"
.\"------------------------------------------------------------------------------

.TH XPCCUT 1.1.0 "June 17, 2012"

.\"******************************************************************************
.\" Some roff macros, for reference:
.\"
.\" .nh        disable hyphenation
.\" .hy        enable hyphenation
.\" .ad l      left justify
.\" .ad b      justify to both left and right margins
.\" .nf        disable filling
.\" .fi        enable filling
.\" .br        insert line break
.\" .sp <n>    insert n+1 empty lines
.\"
.\" for manpage-specific macros, see man(7)
.\"
.\"------------------------------------------------------------------------------

.de BP
.sp
.ti \-.2i
\(**
..

.SH NAME
ERRORLOGGING \(em\& errorlogging -- A way to log internal error messages

.SH SYNOPSIS
infoprint (const char *)
errprint (const char *)
warnprint (const char *)
and many more functions

.SH DESCRIPTION

This man page is not well-maintained and is incomplete.
The Doxygen documentation in
/usr/share/doc/xpc-1.0/html/index.html
or
/usr/local/share/doc/xpc-1.0/html/index.html
is the authoritative source of XPCCUT information.

.\" TeX users may be more comfortable with the \fB<whatever>\fP and
.\" \fI<whatever>\fP escape sequences to invoke bold face and italics,
.\" respectively.

\fBxpc\fP is a library that provides a simple
framework for C programs.  The \fBerrorlogging\fP module
provides a way to log messages, with many features.

.SH OPTIONS
.I xpc
options are discussed thoroughly in the Doxygen documentation.
The unit-test application can be run with the --help option to see them all.

.TP
.B \-h --help
Print an informative help message describing the options and then exit.

.TP
.B \-v --version
Print the version number of
.I unit_test_test
on the standard error output and then exit.

.SH "BUGS"
There are bugs, of course.  But so far our unit-testing has found them all.
Ha ha.

.SH "AUTHORS"
.I xpc
was written by Chris Ahlstrom.
This man page was written by Chris Ahlstrom.

.SH "SEE ALSO"
.I The C Programming Language
by B. W. Kernighan and D. M. Ritchie, Prentice-Hall, New Jersey, 1978.

.\"******************************************************************************
.\" xpc_suite/xpc/man/errorlogging.1
.\"------------------------------------------------------------------------------
.\" Local Variables:
.\" End:
.\"------------------------------------------------------------------------------
.\" vim: ts=3 sw=3 ft=nroff
.\"------------------------------------------------------------------------------
