.\"******************************************************************************
.\" man_sample.1 (contrib)
.\"------------------------------------------------------------------------------
.\"
.\" \file       	man_sample.1
.\" \library    	xpc_suite
.\" \author     	Chris Ahlstrom
.\" \date       	2008-08-09
.\" \date       	2012-09-25
.\" \version    	$Revision$
.\" \license    	$XPC_SUITE_GPL_LICENSE$
.\"
.\" Hey, EMACS: -*- nroff -*-
.\"
.\" First parameter, NAME, should be all caps
.\" Second parameter, SECTION, should be 1-8, maybe w/ subsection
.\" other parameters are allowed: see man(7), man(1)
.\"------------------------------------------------------------------------------

.TH XXXXX 1.1 "September 25, 2012"

.\"******************************************************************************
.\" Please adjust this date whenever revising the manpage.
.\"
.\" Some roff macros, for reference:
.\"
.\" .nh        disable hyphenation
.\" .hy        enable hyphenation
.\" .ad l      left justify
.\" .ad b      justify to both left and right margins
.\" .nf        disable filling
.\" .fi        enable filling
.\" .br        insert line break
.\" .sp <n>    insert n+1 empty lines
.\"
.\" for manpage-specific macros, see man(7)
.\"------------------------------------------------------------------------------

.de BP
.sp
.ti \-.2i
\(**
..

.SH NAME
xxxx \(em\& xxxx -- the greeting program

.SH SYNOPSIS
xxxx [-htvm] 
      [--help] 
      [--traditional] 

.SH DESCRIPTION

This documentation is not maintained and is incomplete.
The Doxygen documentation is the authoritative
source.

.\" TeX users may be more comfortable with the \fB<whatever>\fP and
.\" \fI<whatever>\fP escape sequences to invoke bold face and italics,
.\" respectively.

\fBxxxx\fP is a program/library that reports the youngest revision of a


The GNU  ...
.I xxxx
program produces a familiar, friendly greeting.  It
allows nonprogrammers to use a classic computer science tool which
would otherwise be unavailable to them.  Because it is protected by the
GNU General Public License, users are free to share and change it.

.SH OPTIONS
.I xxxx
accepts the following options:

.TP
.B \-h --help
Print an informative help message describing the options and then exit.

.TP
.B \-v --version
Print the version number of
.I xxxx
on the standard error output and then exit.

.TP
.B \-t --traditional
Use the traditional greeting message `xxxx, world' rather than the 
more modern `Hello, world!'.

.TP
.B \-m --mail
Print your mail on the standard output.

.SH "BUGS"
There are bugs, of course.

.SH "AUTHORS"
GNU 
.I xxxx
was written by Mike Haertel, David MacKenzie, etc.
This man page was written by E. Larry Lidz

.SH "SEE ALSO"
.I The C Programming Language
by B. W. Kernighan and D. M. Ritchie, Prentice-Hall, New Jersey, 1978.

.\"******************************************************************************
.\" xpc_suite/contrib/man_sample.am
.\"------------------------------------------------------------------------------
.\" Local Variables:
.\" End:
.\"------------------------------------------------------------------------------
.\" vim: ts=3 sw=3 ft=nroff
.\"------------------------------------------------------------------------------
